Okay I'ill start from the beginning. I had a python script that would use Text To Speech using VoiceMaker API (costing around 20$ per 20 million tokens) and would generate Horror Stories using ChatGPT. I would then add background music to the outputted TTS voice recording, and attach a clip similar to those found on tik tok and reels as a background clip (I was using minecraft) on top of the subtitles and voice. Yes, I was the one who actually made the subtitles as well. To do all of this, I used moviepy, whisper (for transcription), VoiceMaker for TTS (but had to switch to edge_tts as it was free and a better alternative) and FFMPEG for adding the music in the background. Now comes the n8n part. My outcome was 2 workflows, 1 specifically for automating the process I described above, involving having a Schedule Trigger (cron set for every 50 minutes), a locking system to ensure only 1 of the same workflow is executed at the same time to not mess up the data, 2 prompts that go straight to my locally hosted meta-llama-3.1-8B (using LM studio and hooking up the API for it), javascript to parse information and set variables, as well as creating metadata for each story in order to make the publishing an easier process. One of my python scripts contains a watchdog (using watchdog) that watches the metadata folder, and once n8n uploads the metadata, the watchdog calls the streamlined python script to automate creating the final video.
Next is the 2nd workflow, specific for posting the final video. This is where we hit most of the API's as I read the final video and create a POST HTTP request, and then using the previous metadata can then create a PUT HTTP request that will upload to YouTube using the link the HTTP requests created. This used the YouTube OAuth2 API which directly connected to my account. To ensure I would know it was working, I also set up a send a email (GMail) node at the end, connecting the API to my gmail account that would sent be an email after every complete upload. The next step is to get verified on Tik Tok and am currently waiting for the app to be reviewed. In order for the Tik Tok API to work, I actually had to switch my nameservers from the ones on Hostinger, to connect to the one on my cloudflare account. That way I was able to still host my main portfolio website, and also create a subdomain where I hosted the n8n (yes it was self-hosted by me using n8n start in the command). In order for verifications I had to create a privacy policy, a terms of service, and a basic rundown of my program to Tik Tok (as you might remember from previous prompts), and actually host that onto my main website using a different route (/Public/...). I know run the n8n by using cloudlfared tunnel run and have a dedicated server for it. 
On the side, I also took the streamlined python script (the one that automates the video processing) and I optimized it by having it use my GPU and CPU as well, getting the time down from 30 minutes at the start for the same video, to now taking around 20 minutes.